For the dressing:
    1 2/3 cups fresh cilantro (from about 1/2 bunch), long, thick stems removed
    3/4 cup roasted, unsalted peanuts
    1/3 cup Sriracha hot sauce
    2 tablespoons finely grated lime zest (from about 3 medium limes)
    1/4 cup freshly squeezed lime juice (from about 3 medium limes)
    1/4 cup toasted sesame oil
    1 tablespoon packed dark brown sugar
    2 medium garlic cloves
    1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt

For the quinoa:
    2 cups quinoa, any color or variety
    1 (14-ounce) can unsweetened coconut milk
    1 1/3 cups vegetable stock or low-sodium vegetable broth
    1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more as needed
    1 (14- to 16-ounce) package firm tofu
    2 medium carrots (about 8 ounces)
    1 medium broccoli head (about 1 pound)
    4 medium scallions
    2 tablespoons vegetable oil

To garnish:
    Coarsely chopped fresh cilantro
    Coarsely chopped roasted, unsalted peanuts
    Thinly sliced scallions

Directions

    	
 # Place all of the dressing ingredients in a food processor fitted with a blade attachment. Process until smooth, scraping down the sides of the bowl as needed, about 1 minute; set aside.
 # Place quinoa in a large saucepan; add the coconut milk, vegetable broth, and measured salt; and stir to combine. Bring to a boil over medium-high heat. Reduce the heat to low and simmer, stirring occasionally, until cooked.
 # Meanwhile, line a large plate with several layers of paper towels. Drain the tofu, cut it into large dice, and place it in a single layer on the paper-towel-lined plate; set aside. 
 # Trim the carrots and cut them into 1/8-inch-thick rounds; set aside. 
 # Trim the stem of the broccoli to 1/2 inch and cut the head into 1-inch florets; set aside. 
 # Thinly slice the white and light green parts of the scallions; set aside.
 # When the quinoa is ready, remove it to a large serving bowl and set aside. Wash the saucepan, fill it with water, and season generously with salt. Cover with a tightfitting lid and bring to a boil over high heat.
 # Meanwhile, heat the oil in a large nonstick frying pan over medium-high heat until shimmering. Add the tofu and cook without stirring until the bottoms are golden brown, about 4 minutes. (While the tofu is cooking, line the plate you drained it on with fresh paper towels.) Flip and cook until the other sides are golden brown, about 3 to 4 minutes more. Using a slotted spoon, remove to the paper-towel-lined plate and season with salt; set aside.
 # Add the carrots to the boiling water and cook until crisp-tender, about 2 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, remove them to the bowl with the quinoa. Return the water to a boil, add the broccoli, and cook until crisp-tender, about 3 minutes. Drain in a colander and place in the bowl with the quinoa and carrots.
 # Add the cooked tofu, dressing, and scallions to the bowl and stir to combine. Garnish with additional cilantro, peanuts, and scallions before serving.

Notes:
 * I cut back a bit on the sesame oil
 * http://www.chow.com/recipes/30507-spicy-thai-coconut-quinoa
